Chapter 1 - Nacht der Untoten: Part 1
It was a hot summer day and Robo was working with 0ero on a machine to travel to different dimensions because 0ero made a bet with Robo he’d solo the entire DBZ universe.
“Dude, just face it you can’t beat Goku, Vegeta or Jiren!” Robo says to 0ero in an attitude. “Robo! I AM GETTING THAT 50 BUCKS!” 0ero yells at Robo. “Dude you couldn’t even beat a fortnite skin! What makes you think you can face Goku?” Robo replies. “Dude! They had 4 medallions and Zeus’ lightning bolts!” 0ero replies back. “And what about that adventure where Me, you, Cybie, and  Oofer nearly died because you wanted to fight Kratos?!” Robo replies in a rude manner. “Uhh, I don’t know, I’m sure that I beat him!” 0ero replies. “We had to call in the rift police because Cybie lost her arm and Oofer… I’m pretty sure he retired after that.” Robo replies back. While Robo and 0ero were building the machine, Cybie was relaxing on the couch because she had to heal her arm.

        Cybie is on her mobile phone. She is currently looking at pictures of her, Robo, 0ero, and Oofer in olympus and the fortnite island. “I miss the days when we’d go on adventures together. Sadly we don’t anymore due to the Kratos incident with us.” She sighs. “Oofer probably went into hiding because that guy ripped his arms off and ripped his jaw off. I hope he’s okay.” She gets up from the couch and grabs her prosthetic arm and leaves to go to their garage because she heard some arguing. “Oh hey Ro-... What the f**k are you two doing?!” Cybie screams as Robo and 0ero have successfully made another machine. “You guys know what happened the last time that shot happened! We almost died!” Cybie begins to get worried.

        “Don’t worry, I made a bet with 0ero to go into the DBZ universe and solo all of it!” Robo tells Cybie! “We are not gonna have another person die because of you!” Cybie attempts to smash the machine with a hammer but it does something strange. “What did I just do…?” Cybie worries again. “Great Cybie you just br-” The machine starts going crazy and pulls Robo, Cybie and 0ero into it. The machine teleports them into a destroyed building set in 1944.


        Robo wakes up to the sounds of growling. “Ugh… Where are we a… Are those… Zombies..?” Robo gets nervous. A marine captain approaches Robo. “Robo.. Cybie.. 0ero.. Is that really you guys..?” The marine captain is revealed to be Oofer, he has put some attachments using metal and a voice box. “Oh my god.. Oofer! We’ve missed you so much!” Robo hugs Oofer. “We don’t have time for that. Those zombies could kill us!” Oofer shoots the zombies with his sniper.. “The other marines… Are dead. I was hiding in that closet where the sniper is in” He points at the closet. “These zombies are something… Something of a horrible matter.” Oofer says. Cybie and 0ero walk in. “What happened Robo!” Cybie yells at Robo.
“It seems that you have caused all of us except for Oofer to teleport here instead of DBZ.” 
“Yeah and it’s her fault!” 0ero yells. “I didn’t mean for us to get into this…” Cybie says in a sad tone. She actually didn’t mean to get everyone in this, all she wanted to do was to break the machine to prevent Robo and 0ero possibly passing on. As the 4 were arguing a bunch of zombies break through the window, crawling into the broken down building.


Chapter 1.5: Nacht der Untoten: Part 2.
As zombies were hoarding in with their rotten flesh bubbling and breaking down the doors, the 4 head up stairs and start camping.


        “Alright, we could possibly make it out by tomorrow morning. For now, we just need to set up some turrets and go to bed. It is pretty, pretty, pretty dark out here.” Oofer says to the other 3. “M’kay..” Cybie says in a tired and stressed voice. As the 4 fall asleep zombies begin to fall down as the sun rises up.


Chapter 2: Verruckt
Robo, Cybie, 0ero, and Oofer get up. All four have a simple goal: Make it to a new place without zombies. “Good morning crew, time to get packin’ shall we?” Oofer says to wake everyone up “Yeah…” Robo says in a raspy voice. Robo wakes Cybie and 0ero up so that they can travel. A few hours later. The main 4 are in a car, they got the car because they discovered that due to the dimension traveling machine’s malfunction, Robo, Cybie and 0ero got some weird power. “Sometimes, I wonder why am I here to exist.” Robo says while looking out the window. “Hey Robo, do you have a gps?” Oofer asks. “I think, let me see…. Yeah I do but there’s no internet in 1944, that wasn’t invented until… 1997.” Robo replies. “Dammit…” Oofer says. 
“Hmm… I do have some teleportation power, let me see…” Robo ends up teleporting everyone to Verruckt due to him being near element 115. “Robo, where are we at?!” Oofer questions to Robo. “I-I don’t know! It just teleported me to the nearest building!” Robo answers. “Well this place better not be filled with those hunters!” 0ero replies sarcastically. “Shut up, 0ero!” Cybie screams at 0ero. “WE ARE NOT GONNA DEAL WITH YOUR SHIT WHILE THE LITERAL ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE IS GOING ON!” Cybie continues to scream at 0ero “DIDN’T YOU CAUSE THIS YOU LITTLE PRICK!” 0ero screams back “YOU TWO SHUT IT!” Robo screams at both of them. As the 3 argue, Oofer sees zombies pull up and start hoarding at the 4 of them. “Uhh guys… There’s a bunch of zombies about to rip our guts out..!” Oofer alertly tells the 3. Robo only responds and starts to shoot at them. 


“Alright, Cybie! Guess who also got us into the whole Fortnite situation because of your fake ass AI boyfriend of a Fortnite character! IT WAS YOU, YOU STUPID BITCH! LET’S HAVE YOUR ADVENTURE NAME BE ‘WHORE’ SINCE YOU LIKE TO BE A FRIGGIN’ WHORE AROUND EVERYONE, MISS FORTNITE AI BF!” 0ero goes off on Cybie. “WELL GUESS WHO BUILT THE THING TO GET US IN THIS SITUATI-” Cybie screams back before the left top part of her head gets mauled off. “Cybie! 0ero!” Robo says in a worried and panicked voice. “Friggin’ help me robo!” 0ero says before his arm gets ripped off “Shit!” 0ero screams. “IM GONNA KILL YOU ZOMB-” Robo screams before he teleports He and Oofer to Shi No Numa. 






Chapter 2.5 - Rift into Locations
Robo and Oofer end up in some wormhole. “Where are we?” Robo asks. “We’re in a ragehole, it’s when someone rages with 115 still in them and it opens a wormhole. In this universe.. 4th wall break, perhaps, Nikolai, Richtofen, Dempsey, and Takeo are dead.” Oofer explains. “We are currently headed to the actual Aether universe because you decided to rage. Also 0ero and Cybie are dead.” Oofer explains to robo again. “What are you talking about..?” Robo asks. “Well there isn’t much time!” Oofer and Robo jump out of the ragehole. 
 
Chapter 3 - Shi No Numa (Aether)
Oofer and Robo wake up tied up in a wooden cabin “Hey look, weird things have woken up!” Nikolai says. “What the fuck..?” Robo says in a weirded tone. “Apparently something within the multiverse has messed up and teleported you two here.” Richtofen says. “Yeah, that happened because Robo fuckin raged so hard he teleported Robo and I to here.” Oofer replies. “Ugh… Guess we got 2 more and they’re not even human” Dempsey says. “We’ve got no time to be dumbasses and be pissy at these weird people, we have to get Richtofen’s journal and get to Der Riese.” Takeo says. “Hey, can we join you guys?” Oofer asks the 4. “I guess, the more the better?” 

                Robo, Oofer, and the Ultimis crew go around Shi No Numa. “Shit! These zombies are really fuckin’ with me!” Robo yells. “Don’t fucking do it again Robo!” Oofer yells back. “What again?” Richtofen asks “Robo and I saw our friends get mauled down by zombies and then Robo started tweaking his ass off and put me and him in a rage hole and got teleported here!” Oofer responds while yelling. “Hah, a death machine!” Robo says and starts to shoot down all of the zombies. “Takeo, Dempsey, Nikolai, Robo, and Oofer I found the journal!” Richtofen yells to the other 5. Ultimis, Robo, and Oofer head to the cabin where the journal is in.


“Seems like we found it. Great for good ol’ murica!” Dempsey celebrates in the most patriotic voice. “Now it’s a good time to drink vodka and get drunk” Nikolai drinks in celebration. “Well shit.. Where do we go now?” Robo asks Richtofen. “We have to go to 935’s base to use the teleporter and confront Samantha!” Richtofen responds. “Who’s Samantha?” Oofer asks. “Since the 115 from Oofer and I’s universe contains Wi-Fi in it, Samantha is…” Robo starts to explain Samantha’s story in all of the Call of Duty zombies maps. “Alright, anyways, lets get traveling!” Richtofen says.








Chapter 4 - Der Riese


Robo, Oofer, and Ultimis enter the Nazi base and start killing zombies left and right. “Die ZomBITCH!” Demspey says in anger. “Eeny Meeny Miney Mo, catch a zombie by its toe!” Robo says as he shoots the zombie in the face with a ray gun. Gunshots were the only thing the 6 could hear until Samantha Maxis finally released her last horde of zombies as an attempt to finally kill off the 6. “Shit!” Robo screams as his arm gets bit off. Almost everybody is out of ammo and is cornered. “We have no way out of this!” Richtofen yells. “I pray to christ we end up alive” Oofer says before he starts praying. “I’m not gonna let us die.” Robo says before he stands up. “I am not gonna let you bubbling cunts kill me or them.” Robo says. Robo starts charging up his rage powers. “I AM GONNA KILL YOU ALL!” Robo says.


Robo finally charged up his rage and created a ragehole once again, teleporting Ultimis, Robo, and Oofer to a broken down cinema. The crew fell asleep, but something weird happened. Cybie and 0ero are alive and well, except that they completely forgot about Robo and Oofer. “0ero, let's get these guys down to our camp ASAP” Cybie tells 0ero. “Got it.” 0ero replies. “Where are we..?” Robo asks as he awakens. “You’re at Kino Der Toten.” 0ero responds.




To be continued in….


ROBO: AETHER #2 -
        
BLACK OPS 1